[00:00] speaker_0: [clapping] Thank you. I'm the CEO of Rubber AI, previously co-founder of xAI with Elon, which you might have heard of. Um, and- Whoo. [clapping] [chuckles] Thank you. Um, and we started Rubber AI with the idea that today, the ability to train and improve models, the ability to train agents is locked behind closed doors at companies like OpenAI, Anthropic, xAI, and many others. We want to democratize this. We wanna make it possible for anyone to very easily and very affordably train their own custom models, their own custom agents on their own data. Uh, and that way you can continue to own the, the means of intelligence. You can continue to own, uh, uh, the all the improvements you're making to your model. Um, so we built Ru-Rubber AI. Um, it's an API that allows you to train custom models very easily with a few lines of Python code. Um, we're going to give out free credits today to make it possible for you to train, you know, pretty decent custom models. Um, check out the, check

[01:00] speaker_0: out the QR code that we have out on the slide once it's back up, um, where we're giving a lot of instructions for how to use the API. We have a starter pack with an example of what a custom model project can look like. And yeah, ne-next slide. Um, so yeah, this, this one's good. Um, so here's an example of something that we built just to showcase you what's possible with the API. Um, this is a chatbot that you can interact with that over time will learn, learn your writing style, and you can, you can then after you've used it for a few minutes, ask it like, "What would-- How would you say this in my own writing style?" So imagine like you're writing an email, um, and your clause simply doesn't sound like you. This will allow you to write an email in your own, in your own style. Um, so check it out. But we're really, really curious, um, for creative new ideas for to leverage the API for your own needs. So whether it's something that you're integrating into your own gBrain or, um, a completely new idea for how to leverage these training tools to accomplish something new. Very

[02:00] speaker_0: excited to, to see what you'll come up with. And we're going to be judging the best use of the API to create a custom model or agent with some pretty hefty prices. So the first price is going to be fifty thousand dollars in credits for the Rubber AI, and this allows you to do some pretty decent model training runs that are not that-- not at all for what people at OpenAI, Anthropic, and other places can do. Uh, second prize, twenty-five thousand dollars in credits. Um, it says twenty-five dollars here, but it's actually twenty-five thousand. Um, and then third price is fifteen K. So, um, yeah, very excited to see what y'all are going to build. And I'll hand it off over to the next team.

[02:37] speaker_1: Thank you so much, Igor.

[02:38] speaker_2: Yeah.

[02:39] speaker_1: Thank you so much, Igor. [clapping] And then next we have gBrain. Uh, Brad. Oh, Brad. Awesome.

[02:48] speaker_2: Okay.

[02:49] speaker_1: So we have Brad and Sina?

[02:50] speaker_2: Yeah. Are we doing the whole open source thing? Oh, yeah. Oh, you're gonna go with me? You do the-- Do the other slides then. Okay. You can do all this first.

[03:01] speaker_3: We're gonna do this together last minute. We're gonna do it live. Come on up here. All right, this is Sina. He's been working on a ton of the open source stuff, which we're gonna cover first for, uh, gBrain. Um, but we got a lot to cover, so let's go ahead and get this thing started. You want me to like push the buttons or-

[03:14] speaker_2: Yeah.

[03:14] speaker_3: Yeah. All right. Uh, oh, that's a screenshot. Oh, down and up. All right. Um, is there-- Is this in Google Slides or something else? Oh, all right. You know what I gotta do is go to present. I had, um, Claude [chuckles] build this presentation software for me.

[03:49] speaker_2: [laughs]

[03:50] speaker_3: All right. So here we are. Uh, the quick update on gBrain. Uh, you wanna go ahead and talk about how this thing started and where it's at for open source?

[03:58] speaker_2: So about seven months ago, Gary Tan built gBrain, which is the memory layer for AI agents. When you're going between Muse, GrokBot, Codex, Claude, you're doing multiple different tasks, but they don't all have the same memory. Let's say I want to order spicy hot chicken to YC Combin-- uh, Y Combinator, and then on Muse, and then I want GrokBot to check the status of the order, they have no idea what's going on. With gBrain, we got a centralized memory layer, so they can all see the same memories and know what's going on. gBrain is very scalable. Gary has like, I don't know, five hundred thousand doc commits on it, and it still works really well. We have thirty GitHub stars right now because, you know, so many people are, you know, using it and loving it. Uh, we also have a lot of backlog on the PRs. So if you guys wanna look at what we're doing, it's also a great way to, uh, do this hackathon. But there's a lot of features

[04:58] speaker_2: that we've been adding ever since the inception in, I think, like May. So, um, we're always trying to improve gBrain. If you guys wanna look into that, feel free to do so in this hackathon. And the big issue with gBrain right now is that it's self-hosted on your own hardware, and it's really hard to bring it around unless you're hosting it or having a server. That's why we have Brad here, who has a solution for you guys.

[05:27] speaker_3: Thanks, Sina. Yeah. So Sina's been, uh, very busy making our jobs easier, getting gBrain hosted. Um, I wanna start with kind of the problem, though. Whenever we were setting up gBrain, anytime we set it up, it just took us like, I think two hours in this picture. Um, it's fine if you have the time, but even for myself, Gary, and a lot of other people in this room, we just don't have two hours even though we could set this thing up. Uh, so that's how gBrain IO came about. It's like, "Hey, what if we just kind of put everything in a box, you could turn a key, and then we could have a gBrain instance up and running in just a few minutes?" And that's where gBrain IO was born. And under kind of the, the core of that is the gBrain memory that's open source. Ooh. So gbrain.io is actually four different things. We're gonna start with the memory that, uh, Sina talked about. It turns out if you can store a lot of stuff in memory, it's not just good for somebody like Gary, who has decades of emails in this thing. It's also really good for teams. If you think about, like, a support inbox, there's a ton of emails in there, and it's equivalent to, like, twenty years of an individual's history of email in there. Um, and as

[06:27] speaker_3: Sina said, it's really good at connecting all these different harnesses together. Uh, during that-- in that picture that you saw, we spent a ton of our time in what I call API key hell. You've experienced this if you've set up any kind of open source harness. You're probably spending most of your time pulling GitHub pats, OAuth keys, and just, like, all these annoying things. So on hosted gbrain, we built this thing called Tools. And the nice thing about Tools is you point and click, do all the OAuth kind of tool hookup that you would expect in any kind of, uh, friendly software flow. You hook it up once, and then on the other side of that, you can drop that thing into any harness. You could drop it into Claude, ChatGPT. You can even hook it up to your terminal so you could use Gmail from your client if you want to. [clears throat] There's-- Turns out there's a lot of benefits from this as well. If you wanna hook up to the latest and greatest harness, say, Muse, and you're like, "You know what? Uh, let's try Muse. I don't wanna have to hook ten tools up to it again, use it for a day just to find out, like, hey, this isn't for me, and then have to go through all those ten tools to revoke access." You do

[07:27] speaker_3: not have to do that with gbrain tools. You hook it up once, and then if you wanna try out a new harness, you drop that one gbrain endpoint in there to your tools and your memory, and it's all there. If you wanna keep using it, awesome. Everything's there within a few minutes. And if you decide it's not for you, you can pull it once, and you have confidence that that harness does not have access to the tool API keys and all that stuff. It all goes through gbrain. The other thing that we've been in the thick of, uh, just running gbrain.io, is this thing that we're calling Skills. And this is, uh, a part of gbrain that I think Gary and Sina and a lot of people have really kind of honed these for individual use, and we're trying to run our whole company on these things. So we're starting to get into team use cases. Uh, the most-- the one we use the most is Daily Sync, and that thing goes through all of our GitHub commits, all of our email accounts, Stripe, everything, and it wraps it up into one email, and it just sends it to everybody on the team, so we know exactly what's going on once a day. It's incredible. And we're developing all these, uh, skills that are gonna be useful for teams to use whenever they're collaborating

[08:27] speaker_3: towards whatever problems they're solving. Uh, the next part of gbrain, uh, we just call it Workspaces. This is kind of the on-ramp for people who they want to point and click their way to victory, getting kind of all the stuff set up. Um, so if you go in there today, if you go to gbrain.io, this is the first thing you're gonna see. Uh, it's a multiplayer chat interface, so you can have a bunch of people in one prompt kind of reasoning together on a problem. And again, it's kind of everything you would expect from software today, from single sign-on to being able to easily add people to your team. Um, this is just kind of like what old SAS used to be. This is the on-ramp for those folks. Now, if we take a step back, and we think about what is it that gbrain is trying to do, um, I think about this as the Fortune nine billion. So if you think about the agency and scale that Fortune five hundred, uh, companies operate at today, it's, it's pretty incredible. There's nine billion people on this earth. So a question I ask myself is: How can we get all those people on earth today to operate at that same level as

[09:27] speaker_3: a Fortune five hundred company does today? And that sounds absolutely ridiculous until you take a step back in time and understand that in nineteen sixty-five, if we were all sitting in this room, and I told you the amount of compute in the entire world today that all governments and Fortune five hundred companies have will fit on a child's iPad as they're watching Peppa Pig. That sounds absurd. What's even more absurd is there's nine-- or there's billions of these devices. Everybody has one in their pocket. So it's pretty incredible if you just take a step back and look at how far we've come since nineteen sixty-five. It's, uh-- And projecting that forward is even more insane. I can't even wrap my head around these numbers. Uh, if you see this in the headlines, right, hundreds of billions of dollars being invested to double compute every six months is just absolutely insane. So it really is an exciting time to be alive. I'm sure we've all heard that a million times. Uh, we see models drop, and our minds are blown, and this keeps happening over and over again. And the role that gbrain wants to play in that today is by connecting all these different

[10:27] speaker_3: AIs together. I'm sure you've seen this, use different AIs. It seems like some are better for others. Uh, I talk to ChatGPT. I code in Claude Code. I want all that stuff using the same memory and the same tools, and gbrain is solving that problem for me today. The side quest that we're gonna have is, uh, can you solve a tedious task using gbrain? Um, [clears throat] productivity doesn't sell. That's a word that economists use to measure how much less tedious stuff are people who are running teams or businesses, uh, doing. So if you're in gbrain, we want you to play around with skills and see what kind of tedious tasks could you solve for people outside of this room who aren't as AI-full as we are. Um, and, uh, if you want to spin up a gbrain, you can go to this QR code. Um, you can also email support@gbrain.io, um, if you have trouble accessing this. Uh, you're gonna get a free gbrain for two weeks, and there's fifty bucks of inference in there, which should be enough to get you started and hooked up to any of your

[11:27] speaker_3: harnesses. If you want to do more inside of gbrain, you can add your, um, inference API keys in there to, um, crank on it a bit more. But, um, get that QR code in there. Get gbrain set up. If you run into problems throughout the day, find me. We have a table out there and support@gbrain.io. Thanks. Happy hacking.

[11:44] speaker_1: [clapping] Cool. Thank you so much, Brad. Um, moving on from gbrain, we have QM from the YC team. So please take it away. [clapping]

[12:03] speaker_3: Hi, I'm Josh. I lead the, uh, labs team here at YC, and our track is for QM, which is YC's open source agent harness for work

[12:12] speaker_4: Uh, you can think about QM as sort of like giving everyone in your organization an open claw that is kind of centrally governed and that you can talk to via this web UI that you can see on the right. Uh, people also talk to it over Slack. It can spin up internal web apps, uh, similar to something like Lovable. Uh, the-- People can use it to work with their email. There's, like, a centralized skills repository where people can work on skills and then, like, promote them to their organization. Uh, and our track is to extend QM. So it's open source, uh, fork it, and, like, get it to do something interesting. Like, you can really push this thing because it's such a generalized platform and has, like, some very basic primitives that we've, like, layered on this web UI and Slack interface on top of. Um, but yeah, like, we really just want people to be creative, uh, and to be, like, kind of surprised in some sense by what, uh, you guys are able to get this to do.

[13:12] speaker_5: Hi. Um, I'm Eve, also work at YC with Josh. Um, and so yeah, we really want you to have fun with QM today. Um, and we want you to fork it and just push the boundaries of what you think, like, Claude and Codex should do today. Um, and so we want you to ask yourself, what are the things like, whether it's, like, backend or even, like, interface wise that you'd love Codex and Claude to have that you currently don't have. Um, and more specifically also, we started experimenting with swarms. And so right now, I don't think that anyone has really figured out how to, um, faithfully or like, um, effect-- efficiently visualize swarms. And so it's also an interesting area to experiment today with, like, um, how we can effect-- like, create a great interface for swarms. Um, we want you to also have fun if you want to consider using QM to, like, play a video game. Um, it's an experiment that we started, and we had a couple of agents work, uh, or play Minecraft

[14:12] speaker_5: last week, and we had so much fun following the feeds. Um, and yeah, there's also QM computer use if you want to experiment with that. There's, um, there's a lot in that repo, and we'll be around all day. If you have feedback on the interface as well, we'd love to hear your feedback. Currently, we intentionally kept it quite simple and, um, very much modeled after, um, what, what you know of, like, Codex and, and, and Claude. But we would love to push the boundaries with you and learn from your ideas today. Um, yeah.

[14:46] speaker_4: Yeah. And so for this hackathon, uh, Agent thirty-seven, which is a company in the, uh, F twenty-six batch, is giving free sandboxes to everyone who wants to, uh, try out QM and Agent thirty-seven. So, like, the way that QM uses tools is by spinning up these sandboxes and running those tools in the sandbox. Uh, and so this is again, like, one of these sort of important primitives, uh, and is free today, so, uh, enjoy. Also, last thing is, like, we're hiring for YC Labs. Um, so if you're interested in working on QM, like, I'll be around. Um, yeah. Excited to see what you guys build. [clapping]

[15:29] speaker_1: Cool. Thank you. Thank you. Um, next we have Memorable. Um, and so I'll, I'll let you guys take it away. [clapping]

[15:41] speaker_6: Hey, guys. I'm Nikhil. Um, we are the founders of Memorable. Uh, we're essentially doing procedural memory for agents. Um, and it started at a hackathon, right? Pretty similar to this. Um, think about it like, you know, Sina mentioned ordering food. Um, but the reality is he's probably ordering food multiple times a week, multiple times a day. Um, so we want the agent to sort of remember how this-- the steps it's taking to complete that task. And we store this essentially in a graph space. And so the next time he wants to do something similar, the agent recalls from that, um, and is able to run it much faster, cheaper, and more deterministic. Um, we're live on QM, G Stack, and G Brain, if you guys wanna build on those, but you can also bring in your own custom environments, whether in browser use, computer use, things like that. Um, and yeah. And now Nick can tell you guys about the prizes.

[16:26] speaker_7: Yeah, for sure. Um, I just wanna say, like, the fact that you guys are here already means you guys are somewhat, like, super cracked, right? I mean, you guys got in. So I mean, I will say, like, like, we kind of started this from a hackathon as well. I, I really wanna encourage you guys to think really big. Like, think about how you can, like, really change, like, how agent computation is done on a specific, like, environment. And like, like, kind of like what our prizes are, are gonna be like, you know, you get AirPods Pro plus five hundred dollars for first place, two fifty for second place, and three-- uh, third place is one hundred dollars. But I think, like, what we're gonna be looking for is kind of like if you... I mean, it's, it's a four-hour hackathon, guys. Like, if you guys can come up with something super interesting about how to, like, change the way agents are thinking using Memorable on a specific domain, I think that's what we're really looking for. So yeah, just think big, think about something revolutionary. And yeah, that's it. [clapping]

[17:16] speaker_1: Cool. Next we have, and we're gonna, we're gonna blast right through this. Um, we have the creators of Superset, um, here to talk about their agent development environment. I don't know what you guys call it these days, but I use it every day, so I'm really a big fan.

[17:29] speaker_5: Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. I'll keep it pretty short. Um, if you're thinking of doing something, you should do it in Superset. We are the de facto, let's say, track because our track is pretty simple. Build whatever you're building, uh, on Superset and show it using Superset page. Like, you can demonstrate it using Superset page. And, uh, it's pretty cool. Like, all of you are up for the track. You should just def-- pick it. And our prices are pretty amazing too. We have AirPods Max. So yeah, I'll keep it short. And I think it's, um... Yeah, I think for the demo it's you can use any agent, like Claude, Codex, whatever agent you're using. So we pretty much support all of it. If you don't have, like, you should probably send a message right now. Our CD we're sitting back, who's agent is running, so it should pick up and probably get it done. Um, so yeah, we move pretty fast. So yeah, everyone should use Superset now and then make it. And, uh, yeah, cool.

[18:27] speaker_1: [clapping] We just launched a mobile app that I use all the time, uh, in my Uber rides. So highly recommend. Next, we have Marshall from UFO, and UFO's doing some really, really cool stuff. Super excited to have you.

[18:39] speaker_8: Thanks, James. Uh, so I'm Marshall. I'm, uh, one of the co-founders of UFO, which is an open agent harness to run your business on. So I guess maybe a show of hands. If you won the hackathon, would you quit your job and start a business on that idea? Like, a good number of people probably would, right? Do you feel like on the first day you would know-- you'd have any idea what the fuck you were doing? That is the problem that UFO is solving, is making founders, people who run small businesses, into more. It's built by the, uh, team that created the GitHub Copilot and, uh, this year, um, built a, a Perplexity Computer, which if you don't know is, uh, an agent harness that's on track to do, you know, probably a billion dollars in its, in its first year. Um, so the-- bringing that sort of power to, uh, business operators to do more with less is something that we're really passionate about. Um, we have two tracks. Uh, one is working with our, uh, open source, uh, core repo to build an extension. So, uh, we already have, for instance, an extension, uh, to integrate with the gBrain and Syncit, but I think there's like actually a lot of opportunity to, uh, build on, uh, links between any of these other, uh, great companies. You

[19:39] speaker_8: know, gBrain, uh, QM, uh, even something like River or Memorable also would be great to hack into, uh, UFO. Um, and we also have a, a, a track for, uh, best business automation. So some sort of process, uh, that you might run, whether that might be go-to-market or recruiting or any kind of task that helps your startup, uh, go from zero to one or from one to ten, you could build that on, uh, UFO, uh, as well. If you take a picture here, you get a hundred dollars in credits, uh, sort of cloud hosted and, uh, uh, tokens. So, um, we'll be, uh, out, uh, there in the, uh, booth if you have any questions. Happy to, uh, give you guys support and get you started. Thanks. [clapping]

[20:16] speaker_1: And finally, we have, uh, we have a few more. We have-- Before we all start building and everything, uh, I think Gary is joining us for a few words.

[20:26] speaker_9: Are you gonna do the, uh...

[20:28] speaker_10: Uh, thank you all for coming. Uh, we want you to hack. So, um, without further ado, actually, I wanted to, uh, invite Alex Bradley up to the stage. So please join us. He's ha- he's hacking himself, so [clapping]

[20:41] speaker_1: [laughs]

[20:46] speaker_10: Either way. All right. So-

[20:48] speaker_9: Hey.

[20:49] speaker_10: So, uh, you, you all saw Igor. Igor created XAI. He's in the crowd. Um, we have, uh, this is an eminent, uh, set of sponsors, but also this is an eminent set of people in this room. Uh, this room is full of pro-- I mean, probably the, the best hackathon applicants that, uh, YC has ever received in the history of YC hackathons, so.

[21:13] speaker_9: Good job being here.

[21:14] speaker_10: Yeah. [laughs] So if you're here, you are, uh, among the best in the entire world at hacking. And so thank you for spending your time with us on Sunday. Um, not only do we have the creator of XAI, we also have the creator of, uh, GitHub Copilot, Perplexity Computer, uh, an important contri-contributor to Comet, uh, as well, uh, Drop- and Dropbox Paper, and now he's the co-founder of UFO AI. So Alex, thank you for joining us.

[21:41] speaker_9: Thanks, Gary.

[21:42] speaker_10: Uh, I mean, I think that's pretty inspiring. Like, you've made a bunch of the things that everyone in this room uses. Um, Perplexity Computer going from zero to a billion dollars in a quarter. Um, I mean, this is the, uh, build your own intelligence hackathon. So, um, you built one of the intelligences or one of the major harnesses. Um, take us back to... And you know, Copilot is still, you know-

[22:08] speaker_9: Huge

[22:08] speaker_10: ...huge. Absolutely huge. Um, take us back to the first Co-Co-Copilot prototype. What was the moment you realized this would, you know, change everything?

[22:17] speaker_9: Oh, um, there's like in-- internally, there was, there was one thing where, like, we finally got the UI right, like autocompleting functions. It's, it's like, seems small now in retrospect, but at the time it was like totally out there. Um, but the thing where I-- we kind of didn't-- You know, you never know until you release something like what is gonna happen. So it wasn't until we released like the, the, the first prototype and, uh, this guy in India tweeted, um, he had been-- he was like recording his kids who were like nine or ten years old, and they were like typing like def fib, and like, "Will it work? Will it work?" And there was like, we had huge latency to India at that time. And they were like, "Wait a couple of seconds." And it would fill in the function. They'd like freak out, like, "Oh my god, it does it." It's like, "Oh, try this, try this." Uh, and it's like, "Oh wait, what? How did it do it? How did it do it?" And it's like, oh my god, this is like-- this is awesome. This is like, uh, the coolest thing I've ever seen, honestly.

[23:08] speaker_10: So once, once a real user touched it and it really changed their lives, that, that was the moment.

[23:12] speaker_9: Yeah, just that like raw excitement, I think. Um, it sort of exci-- It's like it captures, like when I first learned to program, you know? It's like, oh man, you can do so much.

[23:22] speaker_10: And we're still-- I mean, here we are. Like, it's what a time to be alive. Um, now you're building UFO AI, uh, and you have something to announce or something that you just released last night.

[23:31] speaker_9: Yeah.

[23:31] speaker_10: What is it?

[23:32] speaker_9: Yeah, so, um, so we opened up, uh, uh, signups, so you can all join, but also we open sourced the core engine. So, um, this is like a-- If you don't know, you probably don't 'cause we were stealth until last night. UFO is a, a from scratch agent harness, orchestrator, memory system. Um, it works in Slack and on the web, in terminal and iMessage. And, uh, the idea is to run your business in this. So, uh, scale to many thousands of agents durably. Uh, memory system that's shared across all of them. Um, connectors that work and ingest all your data, um, so they can be used as memories for the, for the AI. Um, and an automation system that is like pre-pretty advanced. So we'll be talking about it in the f- in the future, kind of just laying it out 'cause it's all gets nuanced, you know. But, um, anyway, the, the, the core code is all open source, so you can go play with it. Um, yeah, so there's links on UFO AI at the bottom. It's like below the fold for the GitHub.

[24:28] speaker_10: Should go. He's not allowed to say it, but, you know, if-- at least I'm, I'm sort of allowed to say it, which is I think that, um, Perplexity Computer is one of the, you know, greatest harnesses ever created. And then since you created that, uh, now there's an open source version that you just put out last night. So, um, the conclusion is left as an exercise to the listener in this room. I mean, I think that, uh, this is just the beginning of something really, really big. And, you know, I'm curious-- Like, one of the things I really like about Perplexity Computer that, uh, UFO has is this ability for the agent to finish a real task. Um, you know, how-- I don't know. Can you illum-- Like, we're a room full of builders. We're trying to build our own intelligences. Uh, what from that experience can you share?

[25:14] speaker_9: Sure. Yeah, there's-- I mean, real tasks are-- it's, it's a process, right? Like, it's, it's not just any one thing. You know, models can be lazy, sub-agents can finish too early. There's a lot of things to tweak, so there ends up being a lot of dimensions. So it ends up-- That-that's sort of why we built it from scratch, is because we wanna be able to control all these dimensions from, you know, the compaction strategy to the how sub-agents are constructed, how the messaging works. Like, all this stuff is really important, um, at the limits. Like, anything can do, you know, your basic tasks or your coding tasks, but things like, uh, organizing an event or, um, you know, running my ad campaign or the-these kinds of things to-- uh, dealing with, like, real world problems, um, take a lot of tuning at the edges. And so that's, um, the, the goal is to build from scratch so we can build a self-improving system. So yeah.

[26:02] speaker_10: So when you get a failure, I guess, you know, uh, when do you-- how do you figure out whether you need a, a better model, a better context, or better software?

[26:10] speaker_9: Oh, man. Yeah. It's, uh, you gotta look at the data, you know, is really the answer. It's always about the data, right? Like, um, you understand the system well enough, you can pick-- you can, like, look at it really quickly and be like, "Oh, that's, that's what's wrong." Uh, and then what you wanna do is, you know, scale yourself. So, uh, you know, calibrate judges based on what you perceive to be the problems, so you can scan stuff in there from-- a-and improve that way. But it's really, it really just starts with looking at the data.

[26:36] speaker_10: Um, let's see. So I think people are hot to trot on code, and so we shouldn't keep them too long, too much longer. So, uh, one final question. If you were entering this hackathon today, and you weren't working on UFO AI, uh, what would you build?

[26:51] speaker_9: Yeah. So we built UFO with the open source core as a very extensible system. So e-everything in there is an extension. So the, the sandboxing, the, um, the memory system, the orchestra, like, everything is an extension. So if you got a crazy idea that you wanna play with, and maybe it's hard to fit into an existing harness, uh, check it out, uh, because almost everything is extensible. So it's an easy thing to, like, get running and, and, and try anything really easily.

[27:18] speaker_10: Amazing. With that, uh, James, is there anything else we need to do? I think, I think that's it, right? Okay.

[27:26] speaker_1: Yeah, you got it.

[27:27] speaker_10: Yeah, no, thank you. Um, just really quickly, so this is just a quick summary. Go ahead and snap this. Uh, I'm gonna go ahead and send-- I think there's a YC message group for all of us. So, uh, we'll codify everything, put it in the YC message group so that you guys have it. Um, I think that's...

[27:42] speaker_1: Oh, yeah. No, you're good. You're good.

[27:44] speaker_10: Oh, cool.

[27:45] speaker_1: I think, uh, I think that's about it. Um, you know, the-- just a really last tip for people. Ob-obviously, many of you have been to hackathons before. Um, you know, a lot of the founders, a lot of the companies and teams are just out there, and, you know, they're a really great resource for you guys. So just, you know, I, I sort of, uh, really encourage you guys to, you know, grab them-
